[チュートリアルドキュメントの改善] SaaSus Platformの準備 #987 (#77)
Anti-Pattern-Inc/saasus-platform-document: docs/tutorial/prepare-saasus-platform.md

![03](/img/tutorial/prepare-saasus-platform/prepare-saasus-platform-03.png)

### Logging into the Console

When you log in after the tenant is created, you will be asked to enter user attributes as shown above, so please enter your company name and name.

![04](/img/tutorial/prepare-saasus-platform/prepare-saasus-platform-04.png)

After entering the information, a transition screen to each console of the tenant will be displayed.

![05](/img/tutorial/prepare-saasus-platform/prepare-saasus-platform-05.png)

**SaaS Development Console** is a console for setting up SaaS construction.

**SaaS Management Console** is a console for managing SaaS.

:::info
By setting a domain on SaaSus Platform, you can set it as the base domain for automatically generating the login screen and sending emails.<br/>
For information on how to set up your domain, please see [Domain Name Preference](../saas-development-console/domain-name-preference).
:::

:::info

> Please check the following page for information on how to set the main registration information required for SaaS applications.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the following page for the main registration settings required when actually developing a SaaS application.<br/>
```
